# Automathic
Automathic is an AI powered program that tutors students through math problems they are struggling with using a step-by-step approach and by requiring the student to come to their own correct answers to continue.

## [TEMPORARY -- FILES ARE STILL BEING COMPLETED AND WILL BE UPLOADED SOON]
*Also, the database file is >25MB, which is too large to upload into the GitHub repository.*

The process of this project was not as smooth as I hoped but I'm proud of myself for coming forward with a completed project. A year ago, I never would have felt capable to create an AI project like this, but through a lot of trial and error and different tactics, I managed to find a strategy that worked and stuck to it. What inspired me to use Automathic was actually my statistics course I took over the summer of 2025. At the beginning of that course, the instructor permitted the use of AI to assist with understanding the topics if we used it as a tool, not a cheat. Similar to how I shaped the AI to behave in my project, my professor gave us a prompt to put into ChatGPT, which would then have it not provide answers, but guide the students to the answer and provide hints and further assistance if they are stuck. Ever since then, I thought it was so cool using an AI to properly assist rather than cheat, so I decided to create a project where the AI already knows how to behave. Once I had a solid plan on how to implement a tutor AI, the project picked up steam and confidence came back. This project was easily one of the most frustrating learning experiences I've had, but at least I have something I can call complete.
